README.md, before:

# Rauversion

---

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11976/174422926-b392a1f5-bd6a-4bd2-b6c8-8d41dad6711d.png)

Rauversion is an open source music sharing platform.

Rauversion is built on Elixir with Phoenix framework.

## setup

You can develop directly in a container with [vscode devcontainer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers) or [neovim devcontainer](https://github.com/jamestthompson3/nvim-remote-containers)

To start your Phoenix server:

  * Install dependencies with `mix deps.get`
  * rename `.env.example` to `.env` and add your variable configurations
  * Create and migrate your database with `mix ecto.setup`
  * Create some fake accounts `mix fake_accounts`
  * Compile assets `cd assets && yarn install & cd ..`
  * Start Phoenix endpoint with `mix phx.server` or inside IEx with `iex -S mix phx.server`

Now you can visit [`localhost:4000`](http://localhost:4000) from your browser.

## images

### TODO
- [x] User account
- [x] File uploads Avatar
- [x] User auth
- [x] Tracks
- [x] Add metadata form step
- [x] Embed at /embed/:track_id
- [x] Embed at /embed/:track_id/private with signed_id
- [ ] make GithubActions work!
- [ ] Paginate profile tracks /:username
- [ ] Paginate /tracks
- [ ] Listening history
- [x] Filter public/private tracks (where: private: true)
- [ ] Give feedback on upload preprosessing
- [ ] A logo for rauversion
- [x] Reposts
- [ ] Albums
- [ ] Playlists
- [x] Likes
- [x] Private preview on show
- [x] Followers / Followings
- [ ] Telemetry for dashboard
- [ ] Centralized player, fixed (bottom) across navigation
- [x] load waveform data as data
- [x] Range responses




# Setup:

### Generate fake accounts

  iex -S mix fake_accounts


### File preprocessing requirements:

+ Lame
+ FFMPEG
+ imagemagick

### image credits


Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@schluditsch?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Daniel Schludi</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@helloimnik?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Hello I'm Nik</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/music-studio?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@etiennegirardet?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Etienne Girardet</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/music-studio?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@schluditsch?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Daniel Schludi</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/music-studio?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@dancristianpaduret?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Dan-Cristian Pădureț</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/music-studio?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@grittzheng?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Gritt Zheng</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/music-studio?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@saiharishk?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Sai Harish</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

Commit message:

Follows fix (#16)
* like icon solid on like present

* follows fix, playlist add fix

* readme notes

* dashboard on prod

README.md, after:

# Rauversion

---

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11976/174422926-b392a1f5-bd6a-4bd2-b6c8-8d41dad6711d.png)

Rauversion is an open source music sharing platform.

Rauversion is built on Elixir with Phoenix framework.

## setup

You can develop directly in a container with [vscode devcontainer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers) or [neovim devcontainer](https://github.com/jamestthompson3/nvim-remote-containers)

To start your Phoenix server:

  * Install dependencies with `mix deps.get`
  * rename `.env.example` to `.env` and add your variable configurations
  * Create and migrate your database with `mix ecto.setup`
  * Create some fake accounts `mix fake_accounts`
  * Compile assets `cd assets && yarn install & cd ..`
  * Start Phoenix endpoint with `mix phx.server` or inside IEx with `iex -S mix phx.server`

Now you can visit [`localhost:4000`](http://localhost:4000) from your browser.

## images

### TODO
- [x] User account
- [x] File uploads Avatar
- [x] User auth
- [x] Tracks
- [x] Add metadata form step
- [x] Embed at /embed/:track_id
- [x] Embed at /embed/:track_id/private with signed_id
- [ ] make GithubActions work!
- [ ] Paginate profile tracks /:username
- [ ] Paginate /tracks
- [ ] Listening history
- [x] Filter public/private tracks (where: private: true)
- [ ] Give feedback on upload preprosessing
- [ ] A logo for rauversion
- [x] Reposts
- [ ] Albums
- [ ] Playlists
  - [ ] add to playlist select playlist / modal first tab
  - [ ] sort songs on playlist
- [ ] A WYSIWYG editor for Markdown for Track/Playlist description
- [x] Likes
- [x] Private preview on show
- [x] Followers / Followings
- [ ] Telemetry for dashboard
- [ ] Centralized player, fixed (bottom) across navigation
- [x] load waveform data as data
- [x] Range responses




# Setup:

### Generate fake accounts

  iex -S mix fake_accounts


### File preprocessing requirements:

+ Lame
+ FFMPEG
+ imagemagick

### image credits


Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@schluditsch?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Daniel Schludi</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@helloimnik?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Hello I'm Nik</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/music-studio?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@etiennegirardet?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Etienne Girardet</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/music-studio?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@schluditsch?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Daniel Schludi</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/music-studio?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@dancristianpaduret?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Dan-Cristian Pădureț</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/music-studio?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@grittzheng?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Gritt Zheng</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/music-studio?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@saiharishk?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Sai Harish</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
